---
title: TextureAtlasProcessor.Process Method
sidebar_label: Process

---

**Declaring Type:** [TextureAtlasProcessor](../)  
**Namespace:** [MonoGame.Aseprite.Content.Processors](../../)  
**Assembly:** MonoGame.Aseprite

Processes a [TextureAtlas](../../../../Sprites/TextureAtlas/) from the given [AsepriteFile](../../../../AsepriteFile/).

```csharp
public static TextureAtlas Process(GraphicsDevice device, AsepriteFile aseFile, bool onlyVisibleLayers = true, bool includeBackgroundLayer = false, bool includeTilemapLayers = true, bool mergeDuplicates = true, int borderPadding = 0, int spacing = 0, int innerPadding = 0);
```

## Parameters

`device`  GraphicsDevice

The GraphicsDevice used to create graphical resources.

`aseFile`  [AsepriteFile](../../../../AsepriteFile/)

The [AsepriteFile](../../../../AsepriteFile/) to process the [TextureAtlas](../../../../Sprites/TextureAtlas/) from.

`onlyVisibleLayers`  bool

Indicates if only [AsepriteCel](../../../../AsepriteTypes/AsepriteCel/) elements on visible [AsepriteLayer](../../../../AsepriteTypes/AsepriteLayer/) elements should  be included.

`includeBackgroundLayer`  bool

Indicates if [AsepriteCel](../../../../AsepriteTypes/AsepriteCel/) elements on the [AsepriteLayer](../../../../AsepriteTypes/AsepriteLayer/) elements marked as the  background layer should be included.

`includeTilemapLayers`  bool

Indicates if [AsepriteCel](../../../../AsepriteTypes/AsepriteCel/) elements on a [AsepriteTilemapLayer](../../../../AsepriteTypes/AsepriteTilemapLayer/) element should be  included.

`mergeDuplicates`  bool

Indicates if duplicate [AsepriteFrame](../../../../AsepriteTypes/AsepriteFrame/) elements should be merged into one.

`borderPadding`  int

The amount of transparent pixels to add between the edge of the generated image

`spacing`  int

The amount of transparent pixels to add between each texture region in the generated image.

`innerPadding`  int

The amount of transparent pixels to add around the edge of each texture region in the generated image.

## Returns

[TextureAtlas](../../../../Sprites/TextureAtlas/)

The [TextureAtlas](../../../../Sprites/TextureAtlas/) created by this method.

## See Also

- [AsepriteFile](../../../../AsepriteFile/)
- [TextureAtlas](../../../../Sprites/TextureAtlas/)

___

*Documentation generated by [MdDocs](https://github.com/ap0llo/mddocs)*
